c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\MyStepGame.exe
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\MyStepGame.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\obj\x86\Debug\MyStepGame.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\obj\x86\Debug\Microsoft.Xna.Framework.RuntimeProfile.txt
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\obj\x86\Debug\MyStepGame.exe
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\obj\x86\Debug\MyStepGame.pdb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Ship.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ShipDiffuse_0.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Asteroid1.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Asteroid2.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\Asteroid3.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\moon512_0.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\xwing.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ENGINE2_0.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\WINGFRON_0.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\WINGBACK_0.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\WINGDOWN_0.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\WINGTOP_0.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\LASER_0.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\ENGINE_0.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\XSIDE_0.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\XWBACK_0.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\XWTOP_0.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\XWDOWN_0.xnb
c:\users\pc\documents\visual studio 2010\Projects\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\MyStepGame\bin\x86\Debug\Content\PLATEOX2_0.xnb
